Hi All. I'am today on tour again. Nothing special just to sleep in the woods.
If you see this video than I have a workung PC with working with working hardware and software. Do not be surprised now when I upload older videos.
I'm sitting here and wait for the food.
It's a beautiful place. I will show you tomorrow because the light was to bad.
There are lots of animals around here. Beautiful.
Right now the deers are barking.
Good Morning. That was a beautiful night. I show you the overnight setup.
You can already see it's a hammock. The tarp is setup "quick and dirty" with bungee cord.
Among the items are wrapped in a Poncho - the backpack and stuff.
Here the sleeping bag.
It is very good hidden. It is not easy to see.
It is not easy to see. Only the reflection of the tarp. It is well hidden.
From the trail you can see nothing. Who has it yet?
In fact, it is behind this tree.
Now it is time for breakfast with young spruce tea.
Young spruce needles are not so oily, so here are a just few grease drops. But it tastes well too.
I have two more things to the setup.I have checked for fallingbranches. It was windy.
And tree health... Here is a good example. You can see the furrow. They are deer brown. That means tree is growing and is in a good condition.
Guys, that's it. Just a short video. I hope you enjoy it. Bye.